Use Case: Validating Provider
Context: Provider needs to turn on and unlock the terminal
Actors: Provider, Software
Main Success Scenario:
Terminal is turned on
Terminal prompts Provider for provider number
provider enters provider number
software validates provider’s credentials
the terminal switches to an unlocked screen
Extensions:
	4.1. a. Screen displays “Invalid provider number”.
	4.1. b. Screen remains locked until a valid provider number is entered.

Use Case: Receiving Service
Context: A member wants to receive a service from a provider.
Actors: Provider, Member, Software
Main Success Scenario:
Provider passes member’s card through card reader
Members credentials are validated
The provider then provides the service.
Extensions:
2.1.1. a. Screen displays “Invalid number”.
2.1.1. b. The member may try to swipe the card again, but cannot receive service until it is validated.
2.1.2. a. The screen displays “Member suspended”.
2.1.2. b. The member cannot receive service due to still owing a balance on their account.

Use Case: Billing ChocAn
Context: After a service has been provided to a member, the provider bills ChocAn for compensation.
Actors: Provider, Software
Main Success Scenario:
Provider passes member’s card through card reader
Member’s credentials are validated
Provider is prompted to key in the date of service in mm/dd/yyyy format
Provider requests the Provider Directory to find the correct service code
Provider presses the button to request the Provider Directory
Provider searches for the correct service, and gets the service code
Provider closes the Provider Directory and returns to the form
Provider inputs the 6 digit service code
Software displays the name of the service referenced by the service code for authentication
The provider has the option to enter comments about the service provided
Software writes a record to disc including:
Current date and time (MM–DD–YYYY HH:MM:SS).
Date service was provided (MM–DD–YYYY).
Provider number (9 digits).
Member number (9 digits).
Service code (6 digits).
Comments (100 characters) (optional).
Software looks up fee to be paid for service from service code document and displays it on terminal
The provider fills out a form for verification purposes with: the current date and time, the date the service was provided, member name and number, service code, and fee to be paid.
Extensions:
4.2.1. The service is not found in the Provider Directory: see Add New Service.

Use Case: Add New Service extends Billing ChocAn
Context: The service a provider has provided is not listed in the Provider Directory.
Actors: Provider, Software
Main Success Scenario:
Provider clicks the button next to the Provider Directory button that says “add new service”.
The provider is prompted to enter in two things: the service name and fee. A 6-digit number is generated.
A new row is added to the file, containing the number, name, and fee of the service.
The provider enters the new number in and continues with the billing process.
Extensions: No extensions
